# Game Brainstorming
To summarize, I want to make a 2D action game with arcade elements such as a point system, ranking system based on points and time, with melee combat being either prioritized or equally useful as projectiles. To encapsulate this, my game would revolve around a stickman who uses tools like an eraser sword (Erasword for short), a color wheel, and a paint gun to kill an onslaught of color-based enemies. 

You would have a paint meter containing each of the 6 rainbow colors (red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple). This measures the amount of color you can shoot from your paint gun. To select a color, you would flick the right stick in a direction, and it would be indicated on the screen by a color wheel. To kill enemies, you technically can just slash at them with the Erasword, but to kill them optimally, you would need to select a color opposite of the enemies color on the color wheel. You then shoot the enemy with the opposing color to weaken them. Depending on how opposite the color is, the more they will be weakened. For example, if the enemy is red you would want to hit them with a light blue or green. This allows you to go in with the Erasword for a finishing blow. The gameplay flow is a simple color pick, color shot, then slash. At the very least I would like to implement this. 

To expand on the experience, I have several ideas. The first is having a punishment for selecting a color too similar to an enemy by accident and shooting them. Instead of weakening them, this would give them an extra defense layer. In order to kill this enemy, now you would have to go in with a slash first, then select an appropriate color, then slash again to finish them off. Stronger enemy types would also be a factor. This could consist of enemies being larger and taking more shots/slashes to erase or enemies having multiple colors to erase. Other than the primary 2 tools (sword and gun), you could have a third alt weapon that operates on a cooldown timer. One could be a color drop tool that when thrown, weakens an enemy regardless of the color. Another would be a multi-shot of a singular color you choose to handle multiple enemies. Finally, as you kill enemies you would have a separate “ultimate” meter. The two ultimate moves you can activate once the meter is full are screen-wipes. The first is a rainbow paint move, where the player covers the screen in rainbow paint that slowly drips down, stunning all enemies that appear on screen for a short duration regardless of color. This would primarily allow you to build up a point multiplier, but it takes more work since you must kill the enemies individually afterward.  The second is an erasword screen wipe, the player slashes the entire screen and kills all enemies, with the number of points you get increasing with the number of enemies you can capture in this move. 

In terms of levels, the player would move around a 2D arena where enemies can spawn in multiple places. The primary objective would be to kill all the enemies in that arena to progress. The amount of enemies left would be indicated by a counter at the top of the screen. After each level you complete, you can choose an upgrade for your character. This could range from an alt tool I described earlier, another attack option like a charge shot, or a passive buff like a bigger health meter. The amount and difficulty of the enemies would increase as you progress. At the end of every level, you are shown a rank based on your performance. This rank could be the basis for the quality or amount of upgrades you are offered. The goal is to progress as far as possible without dying, essentially a gauntlet. At the end, you are shown a record of your performance, with each level you completed, your time, ranks, and enemies killed.

I do not have a name for this game yet, but it would probably be a pun based off color.
