# Game Inspiration
I like games with arcade-like elements. I think a point system is a simple yet effective way to keep track of how well you are performing within a game. Things like obtaining multipliers through good gameplay or equipping certain items in your loadout to increase your score, and performing specific tasks or certain objectives to add bonuses on top of what you have already earned. For example, a series I enjoy is Azure Striker Gunvolt, a 2D action platformer. This game has a points system that involves these elements. Killing multiple enemies at once instead of one at a time nets you more points. The more points you accumulate without getting hit increases a point multiplier you have. You can also customize your loadout beforehand to have items that decrease things like your health or energy meters but reward you with more points. This comes into play at the end of a level, where you are rewarded a rank based on your time and number of points and are then rewarded with materials based on this rank to craft more loadout items. 


To continue from that, I also like ranking systems. Other than being point based, I like experiences that reward based on how fast you can complete a stage or the entire game. For example, I like speedrunning Sonic stages. They are short so your time depends on how good you are at controlling Sonic and navigating through the stage. At the end, if you don’t get a perfect rank, you are usually told how much time you have to shave off in order to obtain the next highest rank, encouraging you to master a stage and get better. Conversely, a game I love that uses a full game time-based ranking is Resident Evil 4 Remake. On your first playthrough, you usually are not concerned with how much time you spend in the main campaign, being more concerned with surviving and soaking in the environment. At the end of this playthrough, you are presented with a rank that will be low because of that. This encourages multiple playthroughs in order to learn routing and get better at the game’s mechanics, creating a new experience overall. 


For my game, I would like to include both of these elements. A point and ranking system that you can master and be rewarded for playing well.


In terms of actual gameplay, I’d like to make something fast paced and 2D that feels more rewarding when you engage directly with enemies. A mechanic I like is melee weapons having a reason to exist over projectiles. For example, having to shoot an enemy to weaken it first before going in for a melee kill being the optimal way to go about things. I think a player should be rewarded for engaging with the game more and taking risks. Having a bullet time mechanic could make it more forgiving to go in. Having combo inputs that you get better at over time help engage the player more and reward skill. Killing enemies should have an obvious reward that encourages you to play more, such as ammo drops or the ability to chain together more moves. Both are incorporated in the games I mentioned. In Resident Evil 4, you are constantly managing your resources, and killing enemies often nets you either health items or ammo, allowing you to survive longer. In Azure Striker Gunvolt 2, there is a character that constantly floats in the air, and if you touch the ground, you lose your point multiplier. To keep this multiplier, you must shoot an enemy midair and charge into them. I’d like to make a 2D action game where you are constantly on the move, being rewarded for moving fast and playing well, and constantly engaging with enemies and utilizing the game’s mechanics.
This leads into how a character controls. Although I like games where physics play a big factor in how you control a character, such as a platformer where you must factor speed and momentum into your jumps, since this would be my first game I think something that controls more tightly like a Megaman or Hollow Knight would be easier to implement. 
